introducing patek america the world's
leading provider of dental digital
radiography equipment software and
client support services we provide the
imaging solutions to meet the vigorous
standards of today's modern dental
practice the PAX reveille 3d is the
optimal three in one solution for
dentists and dental specialists by
incorporating cone beam CT cephalometric
and panoramic imaging in one unit this
is an all-inclusive product to meet all
your clinical radiographic needs with a
built-in flat panel x-ray detector the
Pax River a 3d incorporates the very
latest cutting-edge technology a
flexible field of view ranging from 5 by
5 to 15 by 15 but limit the amount of
radiation delivered to the patient while
focusing on the area of treatment in
fact vatta was the first to offer this
feature to date the Pax River 3d has the
largest field of view offered by a
three-in-one machine metal artifact
removal technology or ma are
automatically removes artifacts caused
by metal objects significantly improving
the image quality the bill and video and
voice system lets you communicate and
visualize your patient in or outside the
operatory while ensuring correct patient
positioning and comfort the Pax River 3d
automatically adjusts the column to the
proper patient height based on
information in their record remembering
it for the next time the patient visits
your office
images are reconstructed in the shortest
possible time by a GPU algorithm
featuring a modern elegant design that
is real chair accessible this machine
will be a welcome addition to anything
for practice
you